# Networks generated for the experiments

This directory contains the artificial data set, some of which we used in the experiments. 

There are two directories:

- `Counting-Experiment` contains the sample networks for experiment in section 5.4. 
    - In addition to the networks with 3-10 leaves used in the experiment in section 5.4, this directory also contains the networks with 11-15 leaves.
    - Each subdirectory contains 100 sample networks.

- `LM-Experiment` contains the sample networks for experiment in section 7.3. 
    - Each subdirectory contains 25 sample networks.

Each subdirectory is named, for example, `n=6_r=10`, meaning that the subdirectory contains the lists of edges of input networks with 6 leaves and 10 reticulations.

The list of edges in each network is named, for example, `n=6_r=10_15.txt` in `n=6_r=10`, meaning that the network has 6 leaves and 10 reticulations and that it is 15th network generated by `code/data-generation/generate_networks.py`.

Note: the contents of the `n=8_r=14` subdirectories that exist in both directories are different.


## File format 
Each line of the file represents the tail and the head of each edge in the network (i.e. `0 7` means that the edge (0, 7) of the network). For example, the contents in `n=3_r=4_0.txt` are as follows:
```
0 7
0 12
2 5
2 6
5 6
5 11
6 3
7 2
7 8
8 1
9 4
9 10
10 8
11 9
11 12
12 10
```
This means that this file represents the network shown below.

[sample-network.pdf](sample-network.pdf)

Each sample files can be visualized by copying and pasting the contents into the box in [Visualization of a rooted phylogenetic network (a web application by Philippe Gambette)](https://phylnet.univ-mlv.fr/recophync/networkDraw.php) and clicking the button "draw this network!".
